README.md, before:

<!--
**andresmascl/andresmascl** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

# Welcome!

### What I am currently working on
As a hobby i'm working in a voice assistant + playwright integration in Python

### Proyects I have worked on

#### Sogitech.cl
Scrum lead and Odoo ERP CE dev.


#### D2iQ's [Kaptain](https://d2iq.com/products/kaptain):
Part of the development team of a military grade version of [Kubeflow](https://www.kubeflow.org/), developed by California based company [D2iQ](https://d2iq.com/).


#### Licitaciones24x7.cl:
My app [Licitaciones24x7.cl](https://licitaciones24x7.cl), a SaaS which serves market information to companies which participate in public tenders to provide services and goods to the Chilean government :chile:.

As a byproduct, Licitaciones24x7.cl generates as a list ranking the government units which call for these tenders.  The ranking compares their propensity to publish tenders which don't end up in purchases, to receive complains for malpractices during the tenders, and to receive complains for delayed payments of invoices.  See the ranking [here](https://info.licitaciones24x7.cl/demandantes-del-estado).

#### The SOLAB Survey (Sistema de Oportunidades Laborales) for the Ministry of Labor of Chile:
SOLAB is a project developed by the Ministry of Labor which aims at anticipating the demand for job openings in the construction sector in different regions of the country by surveying construction companies which have recently obtained contracts with the government.  The results of the surveys are fed every week to a database using a python script which cleans and preprocesses the data.  The script also sends out alerts to regional government recruiting agencies, using a mailing service, to let them know whenever there are companies in their region who need assistance in their recruitment processes.  The database feeds data to reports made in Google Data Studio.  Originally the project was intended for internal use only, and was meant to be reviewed only by the Ministry's officials, so I am very lucky that they decided to make it public because it means I can add it to my portfolio!.  In some cases the contact information needed to reach the companies to be surveyed was provided by [Licitaciones24x7.cl's](https://licitaciones24x7.cl) internal API using a special node just for this task.

#### Destinoempleo.cl:
- I proudly helped to plan the structure and design the charts of Destinoempleo.cl for the Ministry of Labor of Chile.  The sites' objective is to provide useful information to participants of the Chilean labor market in order to make better and more informed decisions regarding their career paths.  It was even featured on the local news! ![Destinoempleo on tv](https://i.imgur.com/KEptQrp.jpg)

- Back in 2018 I built a bot which downloaded information from Laborum.com in order to gather information for a research on the Chilean labor market.  The bot was built entirely inside a Google Colab Notebook, which is pretty neat because ultimately it's extracting data from a source rendering JavaScript inside a remote Jupyter notebook.  Here is [the link to the repo](https://github.com/andresmascl/LaborumSpyder).

- I will share more projects in the future as I find them in my computer or in older machines, so keep visiting this page.

### Certifications:
- [X] CKA
- [X] PSPO I
- [X] PSM I
- [x] IBM Data Science Professional Certification (lots of Python :snake:, Numpy, and Pandas :panda_face::panda_face:)
- [X] COPC Registered Coordinator


### To contact me just send an e-mail to andresma@gmail.com

Commit message:

Revise README project description
Updated project description for clarity and grammar.

README.md, after:

<!--
**andresmascl/andresmascl** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

# Welcome!

### What I am currently working on
A voice assistant + playwright integration project in Python.  Just for learning purposes and own home use.

### Proyects I have worked on

#### Sogitech.cl
Scrum lead and Odoo ERP CE dev.


#### D2iQ's [Kaptain](https://d2iq.com/products/kaptain):
Part of the development team of a military grade version of [Kubeflow](https://www.kubeflow.org/), developed by California based company [D2iQ](https://d2iq.com/).


#### Licitaciones24x7.cl:
My app [Licitaciones24x7.cl](https://licitaciones24x7.cl), a SaaS which serves market information to companies which participate in public tenders to provide services and goods to the Chilean government :chile:.

As a byproduct, Licitaciones24x7.cl generates as a list ranking the government units which call for these tenders.  The ranking compares their propensity to publish tenders which don't end up in purchases, to receive complains for malpractices during the tenders, and to receive complains for delayed payments of invoices.  See the ranking [here](https://info.licitaciones24x7.cl/demandantes-del-estado).

#### The SOLAB Survey (Sistema de Oportunidades Laborales) for the Ministry of Labor of Chile:
SOLAB is a project developed by the Ministry of Labor which aims at anticipating the demand for job openings in the construction sector in different regions of the country by surveying construction companies which have recently obtained contracts with the government.  The results of the surveys are fed every week to a database using a python script which cleans and preprocesses the data.  The script also sends out alerts to regional government recruiting agencies, using a mailing service, to let them know whenever there are companies in their region who need assistance in their recruitment processes.  The database feeds data to reports made in Google Data Studio.  Originally the project was intended for internal use only, and was meant to be reviewed only by the Ministry's officials, so I am very lucky that they decided to make it public because it means I can add it to my portfolio!.  In some cases the contact information needed to reach the companies to be surveyed was provided by [Licitaciones24x7.cl's](https://licitaciones24x7.cl) internal API using a special node just for this task.

#### Destinoempleo.cl:
- I proudly helped to plan the structure and design the charts of Destinoempleo.cl for the Ministry of Labor of Chile.  The sites' objective is to provide useful information to participants of the Chilean labor market in order to make better and more informed decisions regarding their career paths.  It was even featured on the local news! ![Destinoempleo on tv](https://i.imgur.com/KEptQrp.jpg)

- Back in 2018 I built a bot which downloaded information from Laborum.com in order to gather information for a research on the Chilean labor market.  The bot was built entirely inside a Google Colab Notebook, which is pretty neat because ultimately it's extracting data from a source rendering JavaScript inside a remote Jupyter notebook.  Here is [the link to the repo](https://github.com/andresmascl/LaborumSpyder).

- I will share more projects in the future as I find them in my computer or in older machines, so keep visiting this page.

### Certifications:
- [X] CKA
- [X] PSPO I
- [X] PSM I
- [x] IBM Data Science Professional Certification (lots of Python :snake:, Numpy, and Pandas :panda_face::panda_face:)
- [X] COPC Registered Coordinator


### To contact me just send an e-mail to andresma@gmail.com
